java/awt/Choice/GrabLockTest/GrabLockTest.java.GrabLockTest JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/dnd/ImageDecoratedDnDNegative/ImageDecoratedDnDNegative.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/8073453/AWTFocusTransitionTest.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/Focus/WindowUpdateFocusabilityTest/WindowUpdateFocusabilityTest.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/FullScreen/SetFullScreenTest.java JBR-8184 macosx-aarch64
java/awt/Graphics2D/DrawPrimitivesTest.java JBR-5620 macosx-aarch64
java/awt/Mixing/AWT_Mixing/JListInGlassPaneOverlapping.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/Mixing/AWT_Mixing/JProgressBarInGlassPaneOverlapping.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/Paint/ExposeOnEDT.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/print/PaintSetEnabledDeadlock/PaintSetEnabledDeadlock.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/Robot/InfiniteLoopException.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/Robot/ScreenCaptureRobotTest.java#id0 JBR-8984 macosx-all
java/awt/TextArea/TextAreaScrolling/TextAreaScrolling.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
java/awt/Window/BackgroundIsNotUpdated/BackgroundIsNotUpdated.java JBR-8983 macosx-all
java/awt/Window/MultiWindowApp/ChildAlwaysOnTopTest.java JBR-7312 macosx-all

javax/swing/JComboBox/4515752/DefaultButtonTest.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
javax/swing/JComboBox/EditableComboBoxPopupPos.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
javax/swing/JComponent/7154030/bug7154030.java JBR-7713 macosx-aarch64
javax/swing/JDialog/Transparency/TransparencyTest.java JBR-7554 macosx-aarch64
javax/swing/JFileChooser/7199708/bug7199708.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
javax/swing/JFileChooser/8021253/bug8021253.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
javax/swing/JList/4618767/JListSelectedElementTest.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
javax/swing/JSplitPane/4164779/JSplitPaneKeyboardNavigationTest.java JBR-6510 macosx-all
javax/swing/JSplitPane/4820080/JSplitPaneDragColorTest.java JBR-7247 macosx-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucentGradient.java JBR-8217 macosx-15.6,macosx-15.6.1
javax/swing/SwingGraphics/TranslateTest.java JBR-7510 macosx-aarch64

jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/FrameNativeControlsTest.java JBR-6998 macosx-all