com/sun/java/swing/plaf/gtk/TestFileChooserCtrlASelection.java JBR-8748 linux-all
com/sun/java/swing/plaf/gtk/TestFileChooserSingleDirectorySelection.java JBR-6749 linux-all

java/awt/Choice/NonFocusablePopupMenuTest.java JBR-7785 linux-all
java/awt/Component/DimensionEncapsulation/DimensionEncapsulation.java JBR-8748 linux-all
java/awt/Component/InsetsEncapsulation/InsetsEncapsulation.java JBR-8748 linux-all
java/awt/datatransfer/Independence/IndependenceAWTTest.java JBR-8749 linux-all
java/awt/datatransfer/Independence/IndependenceSwingTest.java JBR-8749 linux-all
java/awt/event/ComponentEvent/ListItemEventsTest.java JBR-8750 linux-all
java/awt/event/MouseEvent/DragMouseEventTest.java JBR-8751 linux-all
java/awt/FileDialog/MoveToTrashTest.java JBR-8752 linux-all
java/awt/Focus/TestWindowsLFFocus.java JBR-8759 linux-all
java/awt/font/Emoji/EmojiVariation.java JBR-8717 linux-all
java/awt/font/Emoji/OutlineTextRendererEmoji.java JBR-8717 linux-all
java/awt/font/FontScaling/RotatedScaledFontTest.java JBR-8760 linux-all
java/awt/font/Rotate/RotatedFontTest.java JBR-8761 linux-all
java/awt/font/Rotate/TranslatedOutlineTest.java JBR-8762 linux-all
java/awt/font/TextLayout/FormatCharAdvanceTest.java JBR-8763 linux-all
java/awt/font/TextLayout/HitTest.java JBR-8764 linux-all
java/awt/font/TextLayout/TestGetPixelBounds.java JBR-8765 linux-all
java/awt/font/TextLayout/VisibleAdvance.java JBR-8766 linux-all
java/awt/FontMetrics/ExtremeFontSizeTest.java JBR-7823 linux-all
java/awt/Graphics2D/DrawString/RotTransText.java JBR-8767 linux-all
java/awt/Graphics/XORPaint.java#id2 JBR-7373 linux-x64
java/awt/Graphics2D/DrawString/RotTransText.java
java/awt/image/DrawImage/SimpleManagedImage.java JBR-8769 linux-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/SimpleUnmanagedImage.java JBR-8769 linux-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MultiResolutionJOptionPaneIconTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
java/awt/Mixing/AWT_Mixing/JListInGlassPaneOverlapping.java JBR-8770 linux-all
java/awt/Mixing/AWT_Mixing/JListOverlapping.java initial_runs JBR-8770 linux-all
java/awt/Mixing/AWT_Mixing/JPopupMenuOverlapping.java initial_runs JBR-8770 linux-all
java/awt/Mixing/HWDisappear.java JBR-6818 linux-all
java/awt/Mouse/MouseWheelAbsXY/MouseWheelAbsXY.java JBR-7076 linux-all
java/awt/PopupMenu/PopupMenuLocation.java JBR-8774 linux-all
java/awt/PopupMenu/PopupMenuStayOpen.java JBR-8775 linux-all
java/awt/TextArea/AutoScrollOnSelectAndAppend/AutoScrollOnSelectAndAppend.java JBR-8776 linux-all
java/awt/TextComponent/MiddleMouseClickPasteTest.java JBR-8777 linux-all
java/awt/Window/FindOwner/FindOwnerTest.html JBR-7500 linux-all
java/awt/Window/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentChoice.java JBR-8778 linux-all

javax/swing/ButtonGroup/TestButtonGroupFocusTraversal.java JBR-8269 linux-all
javax/swing/border/Test4129681.java JBR-7787 linux-all
javax/swing/JColorChooser/Test6707406.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JColorChooser/TestDisabledColorChooser.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JFileChooser/8013442/Test8013442.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JFrame/JFrameBackgroundRefreshTest.java JBR-7471 linux-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/4769772/TestJInternalFrameIconify.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8075314/bug8075314.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8145896/TestJInternalFrameMaximize.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/bug5009724.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JList/BasicListTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JList/ListSelectionModelTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JMenu/TestDisabledMenuForegroundColor.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JMenuBar/MisplacedBorder/MisplacedBorder.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JMenuBar/TestMenuMnemonicLinuxAndMac.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JPasswordField/TestDisabledPasswordFieldForegroundColor.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JRadioButton/8033699/bug8033699.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JRadioButton/bug4823809.java JBR-7788 linux-all
javax/swing/JRootPane/SilenceOfDeprecatedMenuBar/SilenceOfDeprecatedMenuBar.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JScrollBar/7163696/Test7163696.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSlider/6794831/bug6794831.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/4515999/JSpinnerMouseAndKeyPressTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/4670051/DateFieldUnderCursorTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/4788637/bug4788637.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/8223788/JSpinnerButtonFocusTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/WrongEditorTextFieldFont/FontByDefault.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/WrongEditorTextFieldFont/FontSetByUser.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JSpinner/WrongEditorTextFieldFont/FontSetToNull.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JTabbedPane/7024235/Test7024235.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JTabbedPane/TabProb.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JTextArea/4697612/bug4697612.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JTree/8003400/Test8003400.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/JTree/TestTreeBackgroundColor.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/LookAndFeel/8145547/DemandGTK.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/LookAndFeel/8146276/NimbusGlueTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/plaf/basic/BasicComboPopup/JComboBoxPopupLocation/JComboBoxPopupLocation.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/plaf/gtk/JTableCtrlShiftRightLeftKeyTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/AllSwingComponentsBaselineTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/SynthToolBarUI/8136363/ComponentSetNameTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
javax/swing/text/html/StyleSheet/bug4476002.java JBR-7498 linux-aarch64
javax/swing/text/JTextComponent/6361367/bug6361367.java JBR-8748 linux-all

jb/build/ResolveSymbolsTest/ResolveSymbolsRealEnv.java JBR-8544 linux-all
jb/java/io/IoOverNio/FileTest.java JBR-8723 linux-all

sanity/client/SwingSet/src/ButtonDemoScreenshotTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/ButtonDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/ComboBoxDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/DialogDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/EditorPaneDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/FileChooserDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/FrameDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/GridBagLayoutDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/InternalFrameDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/ListDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/OptionPaneDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/ProgressBarDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/ScrollPaneDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/SliderDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/SpinnerDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/SwingSet2DemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/TabbedPaneDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/TableDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/ToggleButtonDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/TreeDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all
sanity/client/SwingSet/src/WindowDemoTest.java JBR-8748 linux-all