java/awt/BasicStroke/DashOffset.java
java/awt/BasicStroke/DashScaleMinWidth.java
java/awt/BasicStroke/DashZeroWidth.java
java/awt/Component/SetComponentsBounds/SetComponentsBounds.java
java/awt/Dialog/SiblingChildOrder/SiblingChildOrderTest.java
java/awt/Frame/MaximizedToOppositeScreen/MaximizedToOppositeScreenBig.java
java/awt/Frame/SetIconImagesCrashTest/SetIconImagesCrashTest.java
java/awt/Frame/ShapeNotSetSometimes/ShapeNotSetSometimes.java
java/awt/Graphics/CopyScaledArea/CopyScaledAreaTest.java
java/awt/Graphics/DrawOvalTest.java
java/awt/Graphics/XORPaint.java#id1 nobug generic-all
java/awt/Graphics2D/LargeWindowPaintTest.java#ZGenerational nobug generic-all
java/awt/Graphics2D/LargeWindowPaintTest.java#ZSinglege nobug generic-all
java/awt/Graphics2D/LargeWindowPaintTest.java#default nobug generic-all
java/awt/Mouse/8158205/MouseHandCursorTest.java                                     nobug generic-all
java/awt/Mouse/GetMousePositionTest/GetMousePositionWithPopup.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Paint/PaintNativeOnUpdate.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Paint/RepaintOnAWTShutdown.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/PopupMenu/PopupMenuStayOpen.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIScreenCapture/HiDPIRobotScreenCaptureTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIScreenCapture/ScreenCaptureGtkTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIScreenCapture/ScreenCaptureResolutionTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Robot/HiDPIScreenCapture/ScreenCaptureTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Robot/ScreenCaptureRobotTest.java#id0 nobug generic-all
java/awt/Toolkit/ScreenInsetsDPIVariation/ScreenInsetsDPIVariation.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Window/8159168/SetShapeTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Window/BackgroundIsNotUpdated/BackgroundIsNotUpdated.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Window/GetScreenLocation/GetScreenLocationTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Window/MinimumSizeDPIVariation/MinimumSizeDPIVariation.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Window/MultiWindowApp/ChildAlwaysOnTopTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Window/TranslucentJAppletTest/TranslucentJAppletTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/Window/WindowSizeDifferentScreens/WindowSizeDifferentScreens.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/dnd/DnDTestWithHIDPI/DragTestWithHIDPI.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/dnd/ImageTransferTest/ImageTransferTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/font/Emoji/MacEmoji.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/hidpi/ClientAreaOriginWindowsTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/hidpi/DrawOnFrameGraphicsTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/hidpi/SetMaximizedBoundsTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/hidpi/properties/HiDPIPropertiesUnixTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/hidpi/properties/HiDPIPropertiesWindowsTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectAlphaSurface2SW.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectClipXorModeSW2Surface.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectClipXorModeSurface2Surface.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectManagedImageSourceOffset.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectSourceOffset.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectUnmanagedImageRotatedClip.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/IncorrectUnmanagedImageSourceOffset.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/SimpleManagedImage.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/DrawImage/SimpleUnmanagedImage.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/MultiResolutionImage/MultiResolutionDisabledImageTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/GradientPaints.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/VolatileImage/TransparentVImage.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MenuMultiresolutionIconTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MultiResolutionIcon/IconTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MultiResolutionIcon/MultiResIconTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MultiResolutionJOptionPaneIconTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MultiResolutionTrayIconTest/MultiResolutionTrayIconTest.java nobug generic-all
java/awt/image/multiresolution/MultiresolutionIconTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/GraphicsConfigNotifier/StalePreferredSize.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/GraphicsConfigNotifier/TestSingleScreenGConfigNotify.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JButton/8151303/PressedIconTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JButton/TestGlyphBreak.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JComboBox/DisabledComboBoxFontTestAuto.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JFrame/8175301/ScaledFrameBackgroundTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8069348/bug8069348.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JInternalFrame/8160248/JInternalFrameDraggingTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JLabel/GetSpanHiDpiBug.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JSplitPane/bug8132123.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JTabbedPane/TestBackgroundScrollPolicy.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JTextArea/8149849/DNDTextToScaledArea.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucent.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucentCanvas.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucentGradient.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/PerPixelTranslucentSwing.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/ShapedPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/ShapedTranslucentPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/JWindow/ShapedAndTranslucentWindows/TranslucentPerPixelTranslucentGradient.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/RepaintManager/8162350/RepaintManagerFPUIScaleTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/border/Test4129681.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/aqua/CustomComboBoxFocusTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/metal/MetalBorders/ScaledMetalBorderTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/metal/MetalGradient/8163193/ButtonGradientTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/motif/8165485/MotifHiDPIIconsTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/nimbus/TestNimbusBGColor.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/7158712/bug7158712.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/synth/SynthButtonUI/6276188/bug6276188.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/plaf/windows/8165594/WindowsClassicHiDPIIconsTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/text/CSSBorder/6796710/bug6796710.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/text/Caret/TestCaretPosition.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/text/Caret/TestCaretPositionJTextPane.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/text/JTextComponent/8156217/TextSelectionTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/text/Utilities/8142966/SwingFontMetricsTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/text/html/CSS/8231286/HtmlFontSizeTest.java nobug generic-all
javax/swing/text/html/TableView/7030332/bug7030332.java nobug generic-all
jb/SharedTextures/SharedTexturesTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/ActionListenerTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/ChangeTitleBarHeightTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/CheckFullScreen.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/CreateTitleBarTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/DialogNativeControlsTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/FrameNativeControlsTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/HiddenNativeControlsTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/HitTestClientArea.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/HitTestNonClientArea.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/JDialogNativeControlsTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MaximizeWindowTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MaximizedWindowFocusTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MinimizingWindowTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/MouseEventsOnClientArea.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/NativeControlsVisibilityTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/WindowResizeTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/WindowVisibilityTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/CustomTitleBar/WindowsControlWidthTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/Window/ZOrderOnModalDialogActivation.java nobug generic-all
jb/java/awt/dnd/DnDScalingWithHIDPI/DnDScalingWithHIDPITest.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/CustomTitleBar/JFrameNativeControlsMacOSTest.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/Popup/WLPopupAsParent.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/Popup/WLPopupLocation.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/Popup/WLPopupMinSize.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/Popup/WLPopupMoves.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/Popup/WLPopupNoSize.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/Popup/WLPopupResize.java nobug generic-all
jb/javax/swing/Popup/WLPopupVisibility.java nobug generic-all
sun/java2d/SunGraphics2D/DrawImageBilinear.java nobug generic-all
sun/java2d/pipe/InterpolationQualityTest.java nobug generic-all


java/awt/event/ComponentEvent/TextComponentTextEventTest.java JBR-6287 windows-all

jb/java/awt/Focus/FileDialogClosing.java JBR-5799 windows-all
jb/java/awt/Focus/ModalDialogFromMenuTest.java JBR-5799 windows-all
jb/java/awt/Focus/ModalDialogOverSiblingTest.java                                   JBR-5716 windows-all
jb/java/awt/Focus/PopupFromMenuTest.java JBR-5799 windows-all
jb/java/awt/Focus/PopupIncomingFocusTest.java                                       JBR-2651 generic-all
jb/java/awt/Focus/RequestFocusInParent.java                                         JBR-5715 windows-all
jb/java/awt/Focus/SecondLevelPopupTest.java                                         JBR-6090 windows-all
jb/java/awt/Window/BackgroundWindowOrderOnSpaceChange.java JBR-6486 macosx-all
jb/java/awt/Window/UndecoratedDialogInTransientsChain.java                          JBR-6090 windows-all
jb/java/awt/Window/ZOrderOnModalDialogActivation.java                               JBR-5713 windows-all
jdk/editpad/EditPadTest.java                                                        JBR-5712 windows-all
